Document device sleep and persistence behaviour of alarms API (#7776)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/reference/alarms/index.md

}
```

## Concepts and usage

### Device sleep

The behavior of alarms when a device goes to sleep is currently undefined. An alarm will never fire
early but may fire significantly later than expected if a device went to sleep after an alarm was
scheduled.

### Persistence

Alarms generally persist until an extension is updated. However, this is not guarenteed and alarms
may be cleared when the browser is restarted. Consequently, consider storing any important alarms in

> storage and making sure they exist each time your service worker starts up.

Reviewer: Code snippet would be nice here.

Author: Good call, added some code :)

}
```

## Concepts and usage

### Device sleep

The behavior of alarms when a device goes to sleep is currently undefined. An alarm will never fire
early but may fire significantly later than expected if a device went to sleep after an alarm was
scheduled.

### Persistence

> Alarms generally persist until an extension is updated. However, this is not guarenteed and alarms
> may be cleared when the browser is restarted. Consequently, consider setting a value in storage
> when an alarm is created and then making sure it exists each time your service worker starts up:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alarms generally persist until an extension is updated. However, this is not guaranteed, and alarms
may be cleared when the browser is restarted. Consequently, consider setting a value in storage
when an alarm is created, and then ensure it exists each time your service worker starts up. For example:
```

});
```

> 

Reviewer 2: @oliverdunk NIT: Could we add these items under a " ## Concepts and usage" section above the examples version? We are trying to follow this pattern. Example [ReadingList concepts](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/readingList/#concepts),  [DNR concepts](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/declarativeNetRequest/#concepts-and-usage)

Author: Done 😄
